docs(2.5.x gateway) expand endpoints.lua docs (#3192)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.5.x/plugin-development/admin-api.md

    when the code from other functions (either from a `before` or a "http method") throws an error. If
    not present, then Kong will use a default error handler to return the errors.

The `endpoints` module currently contains the default implementation for the most usual CRUD
operations used in Kong. This module provides you with helpers for any insert, retrieve,

> update or delete operations and performs the necessary DAO operations and replies with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
update, or delete operations and performs the necessary DAO operations and replies with
```

the appropriate HTTP status codes. It also provides you with functions to retrieve parameters from

> the path, such as an Service's name or id, or a Consumer's username or id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the path, such as a Service's name or ID, or a Consumer's username or ID.
```

### Collection endpoint generators

* `endpoints.get_collection_endpoint` produces a list of entities with pagination, like `GET /routes`.

>   It can also generate a list of entities nested inside a "parent entity", like `GET /services/my_service/routes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It can also generate a list of entities nested inside a "parent entity", like `GET /services/my_service/routes`.
```

* `endpoints.post_collection_endpoint` produces a "create new entity" endpoint (like `POST /routes`).
  It can also be nested inside a parent entity (`POST /services/my_service/routes`).

Both collection generators take the same 4 parameters:

> 1. `schema`: the schema of the entity being listed/created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `schema`: The schema of the entity being listed/created.
```

> 2. `foreign_schema`: an optional schema for the "parent entity".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `foreign_schema`: An optional schema for the "parent entity".
```

> 3. `foreign_field_name`: the name of the attribute which points to the "parent" in the "child" entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `foreign_field_name`: The name of the attribute which points to the "parent" in the "child" entity.
```

   For the Routes and Services relationship, `foreign_field_name` would be `"service"`. It's not required if
   `foreign_schema` isn't present.

> 4. `method` allows overriding which method to do in order to perform the action at the DAO level. This would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `method` allows overriding which method to do to perform the action at the DAO level. This method is
```

>    be useful on custom DAOs where `select` is called something different, like `index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   useful on custom DAOs where `select` is called something different, like `index`.
```

```

This code will create two Admin API endpoints in `/consumers/:consumers/key-auth`, to
obtain (`GET`) and create (`POST`) credentials associated to a given consumer.

### Individual entity endpoint generators

> * `endpoints.get_entity_endpoint` implements an endpoint which returns a single entity, like `GET /routes/my_route`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `endpoints.get_entity_endpoint` implements an endpoint which returns a single entity, like `GET /routes/my_route`.
```

> * `endpoints.put_entity_endpoint` allows inserting/creating a single entity with a PUT request: `PUT /routes/my_route`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `endpoints.put_entity_endpoint` allows inserting/creating a single entity with a `PUT` request, for example `PUT /routes/my_route`.
```

> * `endpoints.patch_entity_endpoint` modifies an existing single entity: `PATCH /routes/my_route`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `endpoints.patch_entity_endpoint` modifies an existing single entity, for example `PATCH /routes/my_route`.
```

> * `endpoints.delete_entity_endpoint` deletes an entity: `DELETE /routes/my_route`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `endpoints.delete_entity_endpoint` deletes an entity, for example `DELETE /routes/my_route`.
```

Like the collection endpoints, entity endpoints allow 1 level of nesting inside a parent entity, allowing things
like `GET /services/my_service/routes/my_route`.

> The four generators return take the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The four generators take the following parameters:
```

> 1. `schema`: the schema of the entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `schema`: The schema of the entity.
```

> 2. `foreign_schema`: an optional schema for the "parent entity".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `foreign_schema`: An optional schema for the "parent entity".
```

> 3. `foreign_field_name`: the name of the attribute which points to the "parent" in the "child" entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `foreign_field_name`: The name of the attribute which points to the "parent" in the "child" entity.
```

   For the Routes and Services relationship, `foreign_field_name` would be `"service"`. It's not required if
   `foreign_schema` isn't present.

> 4. `method` allows overriding which method to do in order to perform the action at the DAO level. This would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `method`: Allows overriding which method to do to perform the action at the DAO level. This method is
```

>    be useful on custom DAOs where `select` is called something different, like `index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   useful on custom DAOs where `select` is called something different, like `index`.
```

> 5. `is_foreign_entity_endpoint` boolean optional flag. When active, it switches the "parent" and "child" entities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `is_foreign_entity_endpoint`: Boolean optional flag. When active, it switches the "parent" and "child" entities
```

>   around, so instead of generating a function for `/services/my_service/routes/my_route` it generates one for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  around. So instead of generating a function for `/services/my_service/routes/my_route`, it generates one for
```

>   `/routes/my_route/service`, in other words, "get the parent starting from the child entity".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `/routes/my_route/service`. In other words, "get the parent starting from the child entity".
```
